training/collaborativeDecisionMaking.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop
---

# Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop

**Unlock Effective Team Decisions with Practical, Actionable Strategies!** 🤝

Strong decision-making is the cornerstone of successful teams. However, many teams struggle to move beyond theoretical knowledge and basic approaches to implement real, impactful change. Our workshop is designed to bridge this gap by providing practical, actionable strategies that address your team's specific needs and challenges.

I'm Patrik, and I specialize in equipping organisations and teams with the tools and techniques needed for **Collaborative Decision-Making**. Drawing from my experience as an Engineering Manager and agile coach, I've developed a half-day, 1-day, or 2-day in-house workshop focused on delivering practical, actionable strategies.

## What Your Team Will Learn

* **Practical Frameworks:** Learn how to apply specific decision-making models to real-world scenarios.
* **Actionable Techniques:** Gain hands-on experience with methods for fostering ownership, accountability, and clear communication.
* **Problem-Solving Mindsets:** Develop strategies for overcoming common decision-making roadblocks and promoting innovation.
* **Tailored Application:** Discover how to adapt decision-making processes to fit your team's unique needs and challenges.

My approach is rooted in providing concrete tools and insights that teams can immediately implement. If you're looking to transform your team's decision-making capabilities and drive tangible results, explore bringing this workshop in-house.

## Workshop Details

* **Duration:** Half-day, 1 day, or 2 days (customizable)
* **Location:** In-house at your company
* **Target Audience:** Teams looking to enhance their collaborative decision-making skills.
* **Format:** Interactive sessions, group exercises, and practical application.

## Benefits

* Improved team alignment and communication.
* Increased ownership and accountability.
* Enhanced problem-solving and innovation.
* More efficient and effective decision-making processes.
* Tailored strategies to address your specific challenges.

## Let's Connect

Ready to transform your team's decision-making?

[send an email to training@howtoknow.se](mailto:training@howtoknow.se)

Our Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop is designed to help teams make better decisions together. This workshop covers:

* Techniques for effective collaboration
* Tools for decision-making
* Real-world case studies
* Hands-on practice sessions

For more information, contact us at [info@howtoknow.se](mailto:info@howtoknow.se).

Commit message:

Enhance Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop description and facilitator introduction

training/collaborativeDecisionMaking.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop
---

# Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop

**Unlock Effective Team Decisions with Practical, Actionable Strategies!** 🤝
Strong decision-making is the cornerstone of successful teams. However, many teams struggle to move beyond theoretical knowledge and basic approaches to implement real, impactful change.

This hands-on workshop is available as a flexible in-house program (half-day, full-day, or comprehensive two-day format) tailored specifically for software development teams. We blend practical theory with interactive exercises that address your team's unique challenges. Participants leave equipped with concrete strategies to immediately enhance collective decision-making processes, driving both innovation and stronger team cohesion. The techniques learned create lasting impact—transforming how your organization collaborates on critical choices that affect product quality, team dynamics, and business outcomes.

## About Your Facilitator
Hi, I'm Patrik - an experienced Engineering Manager and Agile Coach with a passion for building software organizations that excel in both product delivery and people development. Among my extensive toolkit for organizational excellence, I've cultivated deep expertise in **Collaborative Decision-Making** frameworks, helping teams navigate complex challenges with confidence and clarity.




## What Your Team Will Learn

* **Practical Frameworks:** Learn how to apply specific decision-making models to real-world scenarios.
* **Actionable Techniques:** Gain hands-on experience with methods for fostering ownership, accountability, and clear communication.
* **Problem-Solving Mindsets:** Develop strategies for overcoming common decision-making roadblocks and promoting innovation.
* **Tailored Application:** Discover how to adapt decision-making processes to fit your team's unique needs and challenges.

My approach is rooted in providing concrete tools and insights that teams can immediately implement. If you're looking to transform your team's decision-making capabilities and drive tangible results, explore bringing this workshop in-house.

## Workshop Details

* **Duration:** Half-day, 1 day, or 2 days (customizable)
* **Location:** In-house at your company
* **Target Audience:** Teams looking to enhance their collaborative decision-making skills.
* **Format:** Interactive sessions, group exercises, and practical application.

## Benefits

* Improved team alignment and communication.
* Increased ownership and accountability.
* Enhanced problem-solving and innovation.
* More efficient and effective decision-making processes.
* Tailored strategies to address your specific challenges.

## Let's Connect

Ready to transform your team's decision-making?

[send an email to training@howtoknow.se](mailto:training@howtoknow.se)

Our Collaborative Decision-Making Workshop is designed to help teams make better decisions together. This workshop covers:

* Techniques for effective collaboration
* Tools for decision-making
* Real-world case studies
* Hands-on practice sessions

For more information, contact us at [info@howtoknow.se](mailto:info@howtoknow.se).
